CREDITS.md, before:

## CREDITS

Here is the list of the external libraries used by the Android Client.
We thank them all for their contributions:

#### AutofitRecyclerView
https://github.com/chiuki/android-recyclerview/blob/master/app/src/main/java/com/sqisland/android/recyclerview/AutofitRecyclerView.java

######  License: 
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### TouchImageView
https://github.com/MikeOrtiz/TouchImageView

###### License:
Copyright (c) 2012 Michael Ortiz

https://github.com/MikeOrtiz/TouchImageView/blob/master/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### LoopingViewPager
https://github.com/imbryk/LoopingViewPager/

An android ViewPager extension allowing infinite scrolling.

######  License: 
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### MySwitch
https://github.com/pellucide/Android-Switch-Demo-pre-4.0

Android 4.0 added a new widget called "Switch" that acts like a switch with two states(On and Off). This project back-ported the code to Android 2.2.2(API 8). This project adds a few other features.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### NestedListView
This code was taken from:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6210895/listview-inside-scrollview-is-not-scrolling-on-android
Username: Muhammad Aamir Ali

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### RoundedImageView
https://github.com/vinc3m1/RoundedImageView/

A fast ImageView (and Drawable) that supports rounded corners (and ovals or circles) based on the original example from Romain Guy. It supports many additional features including ovals, rounded rectangles, ScaleTypes and TileModes.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### SimpleDividerItemDecoration
This code was taken from:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31242812/how-to-add-divider-line-in-recyclerview-in-android
Username: Nilesh

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Android Sliding Up Panel
https://github.com/umano/AndroidSlidingUpPanel

This library provides a simple way to add a draggable sliding up panel (popularized by Google Music and Google Maps) to your Android application.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### ViewDragHelper

ViewDragHelper is a utility class for writing custom ViewGroups. It offers a number of useful operations and state tracking for allowing a user to drag and reposition views within their parent ViewGroup.

Copyright (C) 2013 The Android Open Source Project

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Parallax Scrolls
https://github.com/nirhart/ParallaxScroll

Parallax ListView and ScrollView for Android

Copyright (c) 2014 Nir Hartmann

###### License:
The MIT License (MIT)

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Emojicon
https://github.com/rockerhieu/emojicon

A library to show emoji in TextView, EditText for Android

Copyright (c) 2014 Hieu Rocker

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### FlowLayoutManager
https://github.com/xiaofeng-han/AndroidLibs/tree/master/flowlayoutmanager

LayoutManager that works with Android RecyclerView Widget, to layout views in flow style, with support of predictive animations, item per line limit, auto measurement & alignments (left or right)

Copyright (c) 2016 Xiaofeng Han

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### emoji-java
https://github.com/vdurmont/emoji-java

emoji-java is a lightweight java library that helps you use Emojis in your java applications.

Copyright (c) 2014 Vincent DURMONT

###### License:
The MIT License (MIT)

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### TokenAutoComplete
https://github.com/splitwise/TokenAutoComplete

TokenAutoComplete is an Android Gmail style token auto-complete text field and filter. 

Copyright (c) 2013, 2014 splitwise, Wouter Dullaert

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Recycler Bubble
https://github.com/FutureMind/recycler-fast-scroll

Provides fast scroll and section indexer for recycler view.

Copyright 2015 Future Mind

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### ZXing
https://github.com/zxing/zxing

ZXing ("zebra crossing") is an open-source, multi-format 1D/2D barcode image processing library implemented in Java, with ports to other languages.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### code scanner
https://github.com/yuriy-budiyev/code-scanner

Code scanner library for Android, based on ZXing

###### License:
The MIT License (MIT)

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Picasso
https://github.com/square/picasso

A powerful image downloading and caching library for Android

Copyright 2013 Square, Inc.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### ShortcutBadger
https://github.com/leolin310148/ShortcutBadger

A powerful image downloading and caching library for Android

Copyright 2014 Leo Lin

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Android Support Library v7 appcompat

This library adds support for the Action Bar user interface design pattern. This library includes support for material design user interface implementations.

Copyright (C) 2012 The Android Open Source Project

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Android Design Support Library

The Design package provides APIs to support adding material design components and patterns to your apps.

Copyright (C) 2015 The Android Open Source Project

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### MEGA C++ SDK
https://github.com/meganz/sdk

(c) 2013-2016 by Mega Limited, Auckland, New Zealand

###### Description:
MEGA --- The Privacy Company --- is a Secure Cloud Storage provider that protects 
your data thanks to end-to-end encryption. We call it User Controlled Encryption, 
or UCE, and all our clients automatically manage it.

All files stored on MEGA are encrypted. All data transfers from and to MEGA 
are encrypted. And while most cloud storage providers can and do claim the same, 
MEGA is different – unlike the industry norm where the cloud storage provider 
holds the decryption key, with MEGA, you control the encryption, you hold the keys, 
and you decide who you grant or deny access to your files.

This SDK brings you all the power of our client applications and let you create 
your own or analyze the security of our products.

###### Usage:
MEGAsync uses the MEGA C++ SDK to get all functionality that requires access
to MEGA servers.

###### License:
Simplified (2-clause) BSD License.

https://github.com/meganz/sdk/blob/master/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Dependencies of the MEGA C++ SDK
Due to the usage of the MEGA C++ SDK, MEGAsync requires some additional 
libraries. Here is a brief description of all of them:

#### c-ares:
Copyright 1998 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

c-ares is a C library for asynchronous DNS requests (including name resolves)

http://c-ares.haxx.se/

License: MIT license

http://c-ares.haxx.se/license.html

#### libcurl
Copyright (C) 1998 - 2016, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.

The multiprotocol file transfer library

https://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/

License:  MIT/X derivate license

https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html

#### Crypto++
Copyright (c) 1995-2013 by Wei Dai. (for the compilation) and public domain (for individual files)

Crypto++ Library is a free C++ class library of cryptographic schemes.

https://www.cryptopp.com/

License: Crypto++ Library is copyrighted as a compilation and (as of version 5.6.2) 

licensed under the Boost Software License 1.0, while the individual files in 
the compilation are all public domain.

#### BoringSSL
BoringSSL is a fork of OpenSSL that is designed to meet Google's needs.

https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/

License: BoringSSL License

https://github.com/google/boringssl/blob/master/LICENSE

#### libuv
Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.

libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O.

https://github.com/libuv/libuv

License: MIT

https://github.com/libuv/libuv/blob/v1.x/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Add "Android PdfViewer" and "Pdfium" to `CREDITS`

CREDITS.md, after:

## CREDITS

Here is the list of the external libraries used by the Android Client.
We thank them all for their contributions:

#### AutofitRecyclerView
https://github.com/chiuki/android-recyclerview/blob/master/app/src/main/java/com/sqisland/android/recyclerview/AutofitRecyclerView.java

######  License: 
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### TouchImageView
https://github.com/MikeOrtiz/TouchImageView

###### License:
Copyright (c) 2012 Michael Ortiz

https://github.com/MikeOrtiz/TouchImageView/blob/master/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### LoopingViewPager
https://github.com/imbryk/LoopingViewPager/

An android ViewPager extension allowing infinite scrolling.

######  License: 
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### MySwitch
https://github.com/pellucide/Android-Switch-Demo-pre-4.0

Android 4.0 added a new widget called "Switch" that acts like a switch with two states(On and Off). This project back-ported the code to Android 2.2.2(API 8). This project adds a few other features.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### NestedListView
This code was taken from:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6210895/listview-inside-scrollview-is-not-scrolling-on-android
Username: Muhammad Aamir Ali

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### RoundedImageView
https://github.com/vinc3m1/RoundedImageView/

A fast ImageView (and Drawable) that supports rounded corners (and ovals or circles) based on the original example from Romain Guy. It supports many additional features including ovals, rounded rectangles, ScaleTypes and TileModes.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### SimpleDividerItemDecoration
This code was taken from:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31242812/how-to-add-divider-line-in-recyclerview-in-android
Username: Nilesh

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Android Sliding Up Panel
https://github.com/umano/AndroidSlidingUpPanel

This library provides a simple way to add a draggable sliding up panel (popularized by Google Music and Google Maps) to your Android application.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### ViewDragHelper

ViewDragHelper is a utility class for writing custom ViewGroups. It offers a number of useful operations and state tracking for allowing a user to drag and reposition views within their parent ViewGroup.

Copyright (C) 2013 The Android Open Source Project

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Parallax Scrolls
https://github.com/nirhart/ParallaxScroll

Parallax ListView and ScrollView for Android

Copyright (c) 2014 Nir Hartmann

###### License:
The MIT License (MIT)

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Emojicon
https://github.com/rockerhieu/emojicon

A library to show emoji in TextView, EditText for Android

Copyright (c) 2014 Hieu Rocker

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### FlowLayoutManager
https://github.com/xiaofeng-han/AndroidLibs/tree/master/flowlayoutmanager

LayoutManager that works with Android RecyclerView Widget, to layout views in flow style, with support of predictive animations, item per line limit, auto measurement & alignments (left or right)

Copyright (c) 2016 Xiaofeng Han

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### emoji-java
https://github.com/vdurmont/emoji-java

emoji-java is a lightweight java library that helps you use Emojis in your java applications.

Copyright (c) 2014 Vincent DURMONT

###### License:
The MIT License (MIT)

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### TokenAutoComplete
https://github.com/splitwise/TokenAutoComplete

TokenAutoComplete is an Android Gmail style token auto-complete text field and filter. 

Copyright (c) 2013, 2014 splitwise, Wouter Dullaert

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Recycler Bubble
https://github.com/FutureMind/recycler-fast-scroll

Provides fast scroll and section indexer for recycler view.

Copyright 2015 Future Mind

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### ZXing
https://github.com/zxing/zxing

ZXing ("zebra crossing") is an open-source, multi-format 1D/2D barcode image processing library implemented in Java, with ports to other languages.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### code scanner
https://github.com/yuriy-budiyev/code-scanner

Code scanner library for Android, based on ZXing

###### License:
The MIT License (MIT)

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Picasso
https://github.com/square/picasso

A powerful image downloading and caching library for Android

Copyright 2013 Square, Inc.

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### ShortcutBadger
https://github.com/leolin310148/ShortcutBadger

A powerful image downloading and caching library for Android

Copyright 2014 Leo Lin

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Android Support Library v7 appcompat

This library adds support for the Action Bar user interface design pattern. This library includes support for material design user interface implementations.

Copyright (C) 2012 The Android Open Source Project

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Android Design Support Library

The Design package provides APIs to support adding material design components and patterns to your apps.

Copyright (C) 2015 The Android Open Source Project

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------

###### Pdfium Android binding with Bitmap rendering
https://github.com/barteksc/PdfiumAndroid

Uses pdfium library from AOSP. Forked for use with AndroidPdfViewer project.

Original work Copyright 2015 Bekket McClane
Modified work Copyright 2016 Bartosz Schiller

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

https://github.com/barteksc/PdfiumAndroid/blob/master/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Android PdfViewer
https://github.com/barteksc/AndroidPdfViewer

Library for displaying PDF documents on Android, with animations, gestures, zoom and double tap support.
It is based on PdfiumAndroid for decoding PDF files. Works on API 11 (Android 3.0) and higher.

Copyright 2017 Bartosz Schiller

###### License:
Apache License, Version 2.0

https://github.com/barteksc/AndroidPdfViewer/blob/master/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### MEGA C++ SDK
https://github.com/meganz/sdk

(c) 2013-2016 by Mega Limited, Auckland, New Zealand

###### Description:
MEGA --- The Privacy Company --- is a Secure Cloud Storage provider that protects 
your data thanks to end-to-end encryption. We call it User Controlled Encryption, 
or UCE, and all our clients automatically manage it.

All files stored on MEGA are encrypted. All data transfers from and to MEGA 
are encrypted. And while most cloud storage providers can and do claim the same, 
MEGA is different – unlike the industry norm where the cloud storage provider 
holds the decryption key, with MEGA, you control the encryption, you hold the keys, 
and you decide who you grant or deny access to your files.

This SDK brings you all the power of our client applications and let you create 
your own or analyze the security of our products.

###### Usage:
MEGAsync uses the MEGA C++ SDK to get all functionality that requires access
to MEGA servers.

###### License:
Simplified (2-clause) BSD License.

https://github.com/meganz/sdk/blob/master/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Dependencies of the MEGA C++ SDK
Due to the usage of the MEGA C++ SDK, MEGAsync requires some additional 
libraries. Here is a brief description of all of them:

#### c-ares:
Copyright 1998 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

c-ares is a C library for asynchronous DNS requests (including name resolves)

http://c-ares.haxx.se/

License: MIT license

http://c-ares.haxx.se/license.html

#### libcurl
Copyright (C) 1998 - 2016, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.

The multiprotocol file transfer library

https://curl.haxx.se/libcurl/

License:  MIT/X derivate license

https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html

#### Crypto++
Copyright (c) 1995-2013 by Wei Dai. (for the compilation) and public domain (for individual files)

Crypto++ Library is a free C++ class library of cryptographic schemes.

https://www.cryptopp.com/

License: Crypto++ Library is copyrighted as a compilation and (as of version 5.6.2) 

licensed under the Boost Software License 1.0, while the individual files in 
the compilation are all public domain.

#### BoringSSL
BoringSSL is a fork of OpenSSL that is designed to meet Google's needs.

https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/

License: BoringSSL License

https://github.com/google/boringssl/blob/master/LICENSE

#### libuv
Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.

libuv is a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous I/O.

https://github.com/libuv/libuv

License: MIT

https://github.com/libuv/libuv/blob/v1.x/LICENSE

--------------------------------------------------------------------
